When would you want to create a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
I would want to create respository if I would want to share my code so as others can view my source code. They can pull my project, review it and make changes to add more features or fix bugs. 
Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?
The project in the remote may have been modified by other developers. I may want to view the changes in the remote before they are added to the local repository.
Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?
When you want to modify repository which you dont have permission you can fork the repository to your profile. Clone is used to copy a repository from a remote to your local computer. We create a branch when we want to implement a new feature or fix a bug. After doing what we want we can then merge this branch with the master branch. 
What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?
The benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally is we can fetch the new commits to the local remote branch. And then we can merge both local remote branch and master branch.
How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?
Without git and github I would collaborate by manually going through the contents of the source code. I would have to ask what are the changes someone has done. This would be harder for me than the Git or Github.
When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?
I would want to make changes in the seperate branch if I wanted to fix a bug or adding new feature. This allows me to work independently and then by using git fetch I update by master branch before merging. After merging is done in local master I then make a pull request to review the changes. 

